README.md, before:

# horned-beasts-react-app

I created webpage that allows the user to select a favorite horned animal. After each selection, the horned animal's favorite count will increase.

## Author: Sarah Creager
### With Credit to: 
* Joe Ivans: helped fix an issue with the connection between GitHub and my local repo.
* Haustin Kimbrough: Worked on this lab together.
* Justin Hamerly: Worked on this lab together.

### Links and Resources
* [.gitignore code](https://www.gitignore.io/api/node,linux,macos,windows,visualstudiocode)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
* [eslintrc.json code](https://github.com/codefellows/seattle-code-201d77/blob/main/configs/eslintrc.json)

## Planning and Estimating

### Number and name of feature: Feature #1: Display images

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 2:40pm

Finish time: 3:39pm

Actual time needed to complete: 59 min


### Number and name of feature: Feature #2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 3:45pm

Finish time: 4:19pm

Actual time needed to complete: 34 min

### Number and name of feature: Feature 3: Bootstrap

Estimate of time needed to complete: I’m limiting myself to 2 hours because I could do this all day!

Start time: 4:34pm

Finish time: 6:26pm

Actual time needed to complete: 52 min

### Number and name of feature: Feature 4: Display a Modal

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 3:03pm

Finish time: 7:00pm

Actual time needed to complete: 4 hours

Commit message:

fixed bug in modal feature

README.md, after:

# horned-beasts-react-app

I created webpage that allows the user to select a favorite horned animal. After each selection, the horned animal's favorite count will increase.

## Author: Sarah Creager
### With Credit to: 
* Joe Ivans: helped fix an issue with the connection between GitHub and my local repo.
* Haustin Kimbrough: Worked on this lab together.
* Justin Hamerly and Thomas O'Rourke: Worked on this lab together and helped me understand how to pass state into my modal.

### Links and Resources
* [.gitignore code](https://www.gitignore.io/api/node,linux,macos,windows,visualstudiocode)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
* [eslintrc.json code](https://github.com/codefellows/seattle-code-201d77/blob/main/configs/eslintrc.json)

## Planning and Estimating

### Number and name of feature: Feature #1: Display images

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 2:40pm

Finish time: 3:39pm

Actual time needed to complete: 59 min


### Number and name of feature: Feature #2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 3:45pm

Finish time: 4:19pm

Actual time needed to complete: 34 min

### Number and name of feature: Feature 3: Bootstrap

Estimate of time needed to complete: I’m limiting myself to 2 hours because I could do this all day!

Start time: 4:34pm

Finish time: 6:26pm

Actual time needed to complete: 52 min

### Number and name of feature: Feature 4: Display a Modal

ROUND ONE
Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours

Start time: 3:03pm

Finish time: 7:00pm

Actual time needed to complete: 4 hours

ROUND TWO
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 8:20am

Finish time: 8:40am

Actual time needed to complete: 20 min
